Problem: fasten unlucky tx patch (#571)
crypto-org-chain/cronos: CHANGELOG.md

- [#470](https://github.com/crypto-org-chain/cronos/pull/470) Run the tasks in `fix-unlucky-tx` command in parallel.
- [#472](https://github.com/crypto-org-chain/cronos/pull/472) `fix-unlucky-tx` command supports `null` tendermint tx indexer.
- [#524](https://github.com/crypto-org-chain/cronos/pull/524) Fix tendermint duplicated tx issue.

> - [#571](https://github.com/crypto-org-chain/cronos/pull/571) Support stdout and stdin patch result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#571](https://github.com/crypto-org-chain/cronos/pull/571) Support export/import patched result, much faster to import the results than replay the tx.
```
